---
layout: post
title: VR/AR Software Engineer (Systems & Design)
date: '2020-05-25 12:00:00'
visible: true
---

### **Job Description**

We are seeking a VR/AR Software Engineer at the junior or senior level to join the team.  In this role you will get in on the ground floor as we build infrastructure and create content that supports multi-user, collaborative, and simulation-based learning. Learn from our tools, devops and design practices, and help define and develop them further. Your responsibilities may include:

- Understanding, extending, and improving complex existing codebases in C#, and implementing software modules from scratch.
- Developing software throughout the stack, including real-time interactions, internal tools, backend web services, and frontend applications.
- Designing and implementing visual and spatial interactions using C#, Unity, modeling/animation tools, shader programming, etc.
- Developing learning-oriented experiences and narratives.
- Conducting pilot deployments and gathering user feedback.
- Interacting with clients to understand their needs and prioritize features.
- Collaborating with and supervising (in senior role) a small team of developers.

We especially encourage black people, American Indians/Native Americans, Hispanic people, women, people of marginalized gender and sexual identities, and people of other underrepresented groups to apply.

### Qualifications

**Top Priority Attributes**

- Strong background in computer science.
- Experience with software engineering practices oriented towards teamwork and robust, maintainable software.
- Background in pure mathematics and/or physics a plus
- Basic experience with visual and interaction design.
- Interest in (human) learning and education.
- Curiosity and ambition.
- Desire to make the world a better place.

**High Priority Skills**

- Unity (highly programmatic usage).
- C#
- Designing user experiences and interpreting user feedback.
- Visual shaders and compute shaders (GPGPU).
- Cloud engineering (e.g. networking and container orchestration).
- Product management.
- Data visualization and simulation of physical systems.

**Other Relevant Skills**

- C++
- Modeling and animation.
- Android/iOS VR/AR.
- Interactive uses of deep learning.
- Design of experiences for (human) learning.
- Human-centered design.
- Graphic design.
- Sound design.

Due to COVID-19, we are considering a fully distributed team model moving forward. Special places for us are Cambridge, MA and Berlin, Germany, but candidate must be eligible for employment in the US. Salary and benefits are competitive, and include a profit-sharing program.

Three Space Lab provides equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, ancestry, national origin, gender, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, marital status, religion, age, disability, qualified handicap, gender identity, results of genetic testing, military status, veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by applicable law.

To apply, please submit the following to [scott@threespacelab.com](mailto:scott@threespacelab.com):

* CV/resume.
* Cover letter (at most one page) explaining why you interested in the role and think you would be a fit.
* A portfolio that includes:
    - A list of selected prior projects, with a brief description of the project and your role.
    - A link to at least one code sample.
